## Privacy Policy

Helsinki University Cognitive Brain Research Group and Aalto University Speech Recognition Group built the "Say It Again, Kid!" app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Helsinki University Cognitive Brain Research Group and Aalto University Speech Recognition Group at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. 

**Information Collection and Use**

This free stripped-down version of the game without the speech technology components of the full research game does not collect any Personal Information.

The app is distributed through third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)

**Log Data**

We do not collect any Error Log data.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies."

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

In the case we update our Privacy Policy we cannot notify you of any changes as we do not have your contact information. If we change the Privacy Policy and you update your copy of the application, the application will inform you of the new Privacy Policy. Any changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

--

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and 
modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/).
